[synthetics] Document the new Synthetics Recorder (#1953)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-create-test.asciidoc

<2> Use the assertion library provided by the Synthetics agent to look for the
expected value. See https://jestjs.io/docs/expect[Jest expect docs] for more information.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-create-test-script-recorder]]
=== Synthetics Recorder

beta[]

> Use the Synthetics Recorder to generate code for one or more steps by interacting with a web page directly.

Reviewer: I've included some comments with thoughts about the questions posed in these comments.

> // In what circumstances should you use Synthetics Recorder?

Reviewer: > // In what circumstances should you use Synthetics Recorder?

The recorder is intended for use any time a user would like to create a repeatable synthetic browser interaction without having to actually write code themselves.

> // Some high-level details on what it does

Reviewer: > // Some high-level details on what it does

The recorder launches a special Chromium browser that will listen to the various interactions the user makes with the loaded webpage(s) and record them internally. When the user is ready to export a script, the recorder converts the recorded actions into usable JavaScript code. At that point the user can copy or export the code to a file for use directly with Heartbeat/Synthetics, or upload the code to Kibana for use with the Synthetics Service.

<2> Use the assertion library provided by the Synthetics agent to look for the
expected value. See https://jestjs.io/docs/expect[Jest expect docs] for more information.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-create-test-script-recorder]]
=== Synthetics Recorder

beta[]

// In what circumstances should you use Synthetics Recorder?
Use the Synthetics Recorder to generate code for one or more steps by interacting with a web page directly.

// Some high-level details on what it does

> The recorder launches a special https://www.chromium.org/Home/[Chromium browser] that will listen to each interaction you have with the web page and record them internally.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the `special` wording here, AFAIK it's a normal Chromium browser that is used by Playwright.
```suggestion
The recorder launches a https://www.chromium.org/Home/[Chromium browser] that will listen to each interaction you have with the web page and record them internally using Playwright.
```

> When you're done interacting with the page, the recorder converts the recorded actions into usable JavaScript code.

Reviewer 2: Very minor point, feel free to ignore it :) 
Should we mention that the js file is only executable by Synthetics agent?
```suggestion
When you're done interacting with the page, the recorder converts the recorded actions into usable JavaScript code that can be executed by Synthetics agent.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're done interacting with the page, the recorder converts the recorded actions into JavaScript code for use with Elastic Synthetics.
```

Maybe even something like this, dropping `usable` altogether and highlighting that the code is only intended for use with Synthetics?
